docs/getting_started.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Getting started with ST-Sim BurnP3+
permalink: /getting_started
---

# Getting started with **ST-Sim BurnP3+**

### Here we provide a guided tutorial on **ST-Sim BurnP3+**, an open-source package incorporating fire simulation modelling to state and transision models (ST-Sim).

**ST-Sim BurnP3+** is built as an add-on to the **ST-Sim** SyncroSim package, yet familiarity with SyncroSim is not required to get started with **ST-Sim BurnP3+**. Throughout the Quickstart tutorial, terminology associated with SyncroSim will be italicized, and whenever possible, links will be provided to the SyncroSim online documentation. For more on SyncroSim, please refer to the SyncroSim <a href="https://docs.syncrosim.com/getting_started/overview.html" target="_blank">Overview</a> and <a href="https://docs.syncrosim.com/getting_started/overview.html" target="_blank">Quickstart tutorial</a>.

<br>

## **ST-Sim BurnP3+** Quickstart Tutorial

The video quickstart tutorial below will introduce you to the basics of working with **ST-Sim BurnP3+**. You will learn about *Package* installation, set up, model run, and output visualization.

<br>

## Installing SyncroSim

Running **ST-Sim BurnP3+** requires that the SyncroSim software be installed on your computer. Download the latest version of SyncroSim <a href="https://syncrosim.com/download/" target="_blank">here</a> and follow the installation prompts.

**ST-Sim BurnP3+** is a <a href="https://docs.syncrosim.com/how_to_guides/package_overview.html" target="_blank">*Base Package*</a> within the SyncroSim simulation modeling framework. To install the **ST-Sim BurnP3+** *Package*, follow the instructions in the following video.

## **ST-Sim BurnP3+** Video Tutorial

> [!Video embed_link]

Commit message:

Creating Getting Started Page with video tutorial

docs/getting_started.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Getting started with ST-Sim BurnP3+
permalink: /getting_started
---

# Getting Started with **ST-Sim BurnP3+**

### Here we provide a guided tutorial on **ST-Sim BurnP3+**, an open-source package integrating process based fire simulations into ST-Sim.

<br>

## **ST-Sim BurnP3+** Quickstart Tutorial

The video quickstart tutorial below will introduce you to the basics of working with **ST-Sim BurnP3+**. You will learn about:
> * *Package* installation, 
> * Setting up model inputs,
> * Running the model,
> * Visualizing model outputs

<br>

## Installing SyncroSim

Running **ST-Sim BurnP3+** requires that the SyncroSim software be installed on your computer. Download the latest version of SyncroSim <a href="https://syncrosim.com/download/" target="_blank">here</a> and follow the installation prompts.

**ST-Sim BurnP3+** is an <a href="https://docs.syncrosim.com/how_to_guides/package_overview.html" target="_blank">*Add-on Package*</a> within the SyncroSim simulation modeling framework. It requires you to have pre-installed the <a href="https://docs.stsim.net/" target="_blank">**ST-Sim**</a> and <a href="https://burnp3.github.io/BurnP3Plus/" target="_blank">**BurnP3+**</a> *Base Packages*. 

## **ST-Sim BurnP3+** Video Tutorial

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://youtu.be/4dt_z3UFWYA " title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Additional Resources

> * Introduction to <a href="https://docs.syncrosim.com/getting_started/overview.html" target="_blank">SyncroSim</a> <br>
> * BurnP3+ <a href="https://burnp3.github.io/BurnP3Plus/tutorials" target="_blank">video tutorial</a> <br>
> * BurnP3+ <a href="https://burnp3.github.io/BurnP3Plus/getting_started.html" target="_blank">getting started</a> page <br>
> * <a href="https://docs.stsim.net/" target="_blank">ST-Sim documentation</a> website
